Update github action README.md to describe skip action (#2048)
TomographicImaging/CIL: .github/workflows/README.md

# GitHub Actions

## [build.yml](./build.yml)

> This github action file has multiple jobs, which builds both the conda package and documentation, and optionally publishes the documentation.

Author: ```suggestion
This github action file has multiple jobs, which build both the conda package and documentation, and optionally publish the documentation.
```

> ```
>
> Then open a browser and navigate to <http://localhost:8000/CIL/> to view the documentation.

> ### [skip.yml](./skip.yml)

Author: ```suggestion
## [skip.yml](./skip.yml)
```
